Cleanup Makefile targets & supporting docs (#1457)
informalsystems/apalache: CONTRIBUTING.md

across the codebase. It is integrated into our sbt build configuration, and
formatting fixes will be applied on build, or via the make target `make fmt-fix`.

In addition, we have configured the compiler to warn on unused imports and
variables, and we have enabled [scalafix](https://scalacenter.github.io/scalafix/)

> to automate removal of unused values. To automate removal of unused stuff run
> `make fmt-fix`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to automate removal of unused values. This is also run by `fmt-fix` target.
```
